- Alpa Chino.
- We loaded.
♪ I love that pussy
Hell, yeah ♪
♪ I love the pussy
Drippin' down ♪
♪ To the floor
Oh, no ♪
♪ The way is pussy
Hell, yeah ♪
♪ I love the pussy
♪ I'm drinkin' up
Your Booty Sweat ♪
♪ And bustin' a nut ♪
♪ Alpa Chino
Got that pussy control ♪
Alpa Chino's Booty Sweat.
Pop an ass open.
Booty Sweat and Bust A Nut bars
available at concessions now.
- Temperature has soared...
- In 2013,
when the Earth's rotation
came to a halt...
The president has declared
all of North America
a disaster area.
I call on my fellow Americans
to come together...
...the world called
on the one man
who could make a difference.
When it happened again,
the world called on him
once more.
And no one saw it coming
three more times.
Now
the one man
who made a difference
five times before
is about to make a difference
again.
Only this time,
it's different.
Who left the fridge open?
Here we go again.
Again.
Will there be anything else?
Oh, yes, my dear man.
More beans.
Ooh.
Granny. Ew.
Quiet Riot:
♪ Come on, feel the noise ♪
Oh, please.
This summer,
America's favorite obese family
is back.
Ew, gross.
You're just mad
'cause I'm skinny.
Am not.
Jeff Portnoy...
...Jeff Portnoy...
...and Jeff Portnoy are...
In some countries...
...it's considered a compliment.
♪ You can't touch this ♪
In a time...
...where to be different
was to be condemned.
And to be condemned
was to die...
...one man chose to question
his God.
From Fox Searchlight...
...five-time Academy Award
winner Kirk Lazarus
and MTV Movie Award Best Kiss
winner Tobey Maguire.
Winner of
the Beijing Film Festival's
coveted Crying Monkey Award.
I've been a bad,
bad boy, father.
♪ People movin' out ♪
♪ People movin' in
Why? ♪
♪ Because of the color
Of their skin ♪
♪ Run, run, run
But you sure can't hide ♪
Whiskey Fire, Old Snake
requests an LZ prep at Alpha
Delta two-four-eight-niner.
Over.
♪ And it seems nobody ♪
♪ Interested in learning ♪
Floyd, this is lead.
Right echelon approach
from RP to LZ, acknowledge.
♪ Segregation, determination ♪
Floyd, Wall-Eye airborne.
Welcome aboard.
♪ Obligation to our nation ♪
All right, lead's going in.
Give her some cover.
Delivery on five.
I repeat, delivery on five.
- ♪ That's what the world
- Is today ♪
This is Zero-Three.
I'm on your six. Don't worry.
Zero-Three's taking fire.
Guns right, guns right.
- ♪ And the only safe place
- To live ♪
♪ Is on an Indian reservation ♪
Lay that shit down!
Come on.
Come on, you damn,
dirty heathens.
Wall-Eye, Wall-Eye, this is
Boomer One-Seven in the Zee.
I need fast movers
on my Yankee Smoke, copy?
Boomer, this is Wall-Eye.
I got two-Alpha-four snake
and nape on the ready.
Holy shit!
Get on that horn
and get some firepower, boy.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Listen,
you cherry fuck,
you call in
that snake and nape
and get us some
boom-boom now.
I'd do it myself
but I'm kind of goddamn busy.
I need an answer, Boomer.
Wall-Eye, Wall-Eye. I copy.
What the fuck?
That's for Brooklyn,
motherfucker.
I think I can
put it back in.
This is the last Christmas
I spend
with Victor Charlie up my ass.
Want some? Get some.
Hey, yo, Fats.
I ain't seen Four Leaf.
Don't count him out.
That bastard's got luck
tattooed to his ass.
Motown, get your Detroit jukebox
Jheri-curl ass
in this chickenshit
chop-chop ASAFP.
Four Leaf is still outside
the perimeter, sarge.
Miss me with that cracker chump
jive. We di di mau.
We di di mau.
Come on, get down, get down!
What am I looking at?
What is this?
Come on, let's get, let's go!
Come on, elevator up, up!
Sarge, it's Four Leaf.
No!
Survive.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey, oh, oh ♪
Cover me,
you limp-dick fuckups.
Peekaboo. I see you.
Oh!
Hold on, Four Leaf.
Aw, shit!
Watch my right.
Come on, Leaf, let's boogie.
No!
No.
Holy fuck! Oh!
Take us over
to those men.
Oh, shit.
Oh, look at you, man.
Out playing with grenades.
I'm cold, Linc.
I can't feel my legs.
Ain't nothing but a thang.
Hold my hands,
'cause I got something to s--
I got something to say.
Oh, boy.
When we get back
to the world,
I'm gonna finally teach you
how to juggle.
I ain't never been worth
a-nothin' in this life,
but I want you
to know something.
What, man?
You are my--
You are my brother.
You are my...
I am your brother.
I'm sorry. Could we cut?
What--? What's he saying?
Damien, can we cut?
No. No, no, no...
All right, you know what?
We got the jets coming in,
big explosion, two minutes.
Still rolling.
Uh, you know what?
No, not still rolling.
Can we cut?
We're cutting.
No, we're not. Get out.
Hey, what's going on?
My butt is hurting.
This harness
is riding up my crack.
Damien, are we cutting?
No. No. Still rolling.
Mr. Cockburn.
Are we cutting, sir?
No. No. I'm not cutting.
We're still rolling.
Damien, what's the deal, dude?
Are we gonna blow
this tree line or what?
Tuk Tuk and Kim
got the blue balls here.
I'm gonna let them
squirt if we're a go.
Still rolling.
Dieter, can he hear me?
That's C-4, dipshit. Put that
back. I said a detonator.
I need some dudes up here who
speak American, goddamn it.
He's making a fucking sweater
back here.
I'm trying to put Tiger Balm
on this jungle's nuts.
Oh, shit.
Alpa Chino hot line.
What's up?
What's up, baby?
What the fuck
is going on here?
Everyone, please shut up.
The jets are coming.
We only have one chance at this.
On three, baby.
One, two, breathe.
Look, do me a favor. I don't
want to do a countdown
before I do the scene.
No countdown?
No countdown. Can we just do it
off of "action"?
Just-- In your own time. Good.
I'm not-- I'm not a rocket
ship, okay?
- All right, dude.
- And action.
Whatever floats
your boat, baby.
Fuck.
Erika, get me a VitaminWater.
You know what it is, Damien?
I'm sorry.
Not to get into his thing,
but if I'm crying,
should Osiris be crying too?
No, it's everyone...
We cutting or we crying?
No, we're crying.
Just call it, man.
Kirk, y-you can cry. Tugg,
you can cry. Everybody cry.
You know what? You see how
agitated he is now?
I know.
Let's make lemonade.
- Let's go to work.
- Still rolling.
- This is Falcon One.
- We have the ridge in sight...
Dieter, these jets are about
to crest this ridge line.
They got about 200 pounds
of shit your pants.
I need to know if
we're ready to go.
You are my...
I am your...
See, that's what
I think it is, Damien.
I think it's the line.
Yeah?
I don't know if Four Leaf would
say that. Four Leaf?
Were you crying when your hands
blew up?
- No. See, he didn't.
- Yeah, I mean...
So now we in rewrites, right?
Where are you going?
Action Jackson can't cry.
That's what's going down.
You know what, Kirk?
I'm ready to do the scene.
What scene?
The scene is about emotionality.
Where is it? Now it's time
to flip the script.
Kirk--
Be here till Chinese New Year
waiting for my man to cry.
Here they come!
Kirk, no.
Stop tailgating me,
you pasty tea bag.
Can I make pee-pee?
The planes are inbound.
I know. Oh, shit. Get the fruit.
Jesus-- Fuck-- Shit--
Cocksucking--
That's the signal.
Go, go, go, go!
Tropic tits--
Goddamn shit-picking cock!
It's beautiful!
Mother Nature just
pissed her pantsuit.
Ah, fuck!
Sweet.
Oh, mama.
Oh, let me down!
Bungle in the jungle.
More bad news
from the Vietnamese set
of Tropic Thunder,
where a $4-million explosion
charred the Asian location
and the camera
wasn't even rolling.
Financed by hotheaded
mega-mogul Les Grossman,
the film is already rumored
to be one month behind schedule
just five days into shooting.
The reason?
Fingers are pointed at rookie
director Damien Cockburn,
who, insiders say, can't control
a star-studded cast,
including flatulent star
of the popular
Fatties franchise,
Jeff Portnoy.
Let me tell you something. A lot
of people are disrespecting me.
They say that the movie's
just about farts.
It's about family, and--
you.
You can't do what I do.
Fresh from his
most recent arrest
for heroin, glue
and crack possession,
Portnoy was almost uninsurable.
Also in the mix
Is Booty Sweat-hocking
- hip-hop hyphenate Alpa Chino.
- I'm so excited,
you know what I'm saying,
about doing Tropic Thunder.
Hey, drink Booty Sweat, baby.
Drink Booty Sweat.
But the real heavyweight
on the set
is five-time Academy Award
winner Kirk Lazarus.
The brilliant Australian
known for his bad-boy antics
off-screen is famous
for his total immersion
into any role he portrays.
Well, being an actor is no
different than being
a rugby player
or a construction worker,
save for the fact that my tools
are the mechanisms
that trigger human emotion.
Lazarus underwent
a controversial
pigmentation-alteration
procedure in order to play
the platoon's African-American
sergeant, Lincoln Osiris.
Yeah!
Trying to hold
his own on-screen with Kirk
is action juggernaut
Tugg Speedman.
Once the highest-grossing
star in the world,
lately his Scorcher films
have lost their heat.
Recently,
Speedman opened up to Tyra.
You have no real family.
You're on the wrong side of 40.
You're childless and alone.
Somebody close to you said,
"One more flop and it's over."
Somebody said
they were close to me?
Ooh. It's been a tough year
for Tugg.
The disappointing buddy comedy
Chitlin' & the Dude
was followed by
an ill-advised venture
into serious
dramatic territory.
Simple Jack,
the story
of a mentally-impaired farmhand
who can talk to animals,
was a box-office disaster
that many critics called,
"One of the worst
movies of all time."
I ain't got a g-g-good brain.
I think you've got
a fine brain, Jack.
You m-m-muh--
Muh-muh-muh-muh-make me happy.
But now the question is,
can Speedman muh-muh-make
audiences happy
in what's being called
the most expensive
war movie never made?
Rick Peck.
Wishing Tugg all the best
on that one.
Rum-Tum-Tuggernauts,
it's the Pecker.
You got time for your agent?
Rick?
Hey, buddy,
guess who I'm staring at
right now.
What?
I'm looking at your ugly mug
on the back cover
of Vanity Fair magazine,
holding a cute, cuddly panda
from Cutesville.
It is insane, bro.
You are a rock star.
Hey, uh, did you, uh--? Did you
get the gift basket I sent?
From Rick.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's cool, man. Thanks.
All right, that is a real
satellite phone, bro.
Do not regift.
Hey,
you see that
Access Hollywood piece?
Yeah, I did.
It was like pistol-whipping
a blind kid.
I mean, I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it, Tugg.
You are a huge star,
all right?
But right now,
you're like that kid
on the playground.
The one who has lice
that none of the other kids
want to play with.
What do you mean?
I mean we gotta shave your head
and get you back
on the monkey bars, right?
What? What?
How--? How did
the crying scene go?
Horrible.
Lazarus started crying.
Then he starts
drooling and dribbling
and it wasn't
even in the script--
Whoa, hey, stop right there.
You gotta buck up here,
Tuggboat.
Who cares how much more talented
he may be than you?
If he cries,
you cry harder, man.
Didn't your dog have,
like, leukemia or something
when you were a kid?
I mean, think of that. Boom.
End of story.
They hook up the TiVo yet?
Uh, no.
What?
They have digital cable, but,
I mean, it's okay.
No, no, no. Come on, man.
It's not okay.
It is not okay, Tugg.
And you don't need to explain
to me why you need TiVo
or clean water, clean sheets,
food, shelter.
I mean, I fought for that
in your contract, huh?
Hey, uh, h-how's the adoption
thing coming, buddy?
Um, not too great.
Well, at least you get
to choose yours.
I'm stuck with mine.
Hm.
Tell you what, get back
to work, genius soldier.
The Pecker's on a TiVo mission
for the Y-O-U.
Work on those tears, my man.
All right. Yeah.
Say it for me one time.
You muh-muh-muh--
Muh-muh-muh--
Make me happy.
Love you, buddy.
All right, bye.
- Crisis meeting? What--?
- What does that mean, exactly?
I mean, you know,
are we in a crisis?
He's the head of the studio.
He's reaching out.
We're 10,000 miles away.
He just wants
a little face time.
It's just you said he called it
a crisis meeting, so--
It's Les Grossman.
He throws
these words around.
"Crisis," "explosion,"
"not rolling," "fired."
These are just words.
Yeah! Yeah!
Keep a secret? A camera truck
in London
just plowed into Judi Dench.
Trust me, he's got
bigger problems.
Look, he may be able
to see me,
but I can't see him.
Move. Move.
- Hello, Les. Hello.
- Get your ass out of my--
Your feet were on my desk.
I don't know why we--
Get him a Diet Coke.
Les. It's working.
Whatever you're doing there.
Hello, Les.
- Okay.
- Hello, Les.
We got you loud
and clear here, Les.
I see you. I see you.
I see you.
Which one of you fuckfaces
is Damien Cockburn?
Uh, that's me, sir.
Uh, it's good to finally
meet you at last,
get some face time.
And who here is the key grip?
You? You.
Hit that director in the face
really fucking hard.
Sorry, man.
Ow. Ow.
Ow.
Hm!
This is your fault,
you limey fuck.
You shit the money bed,
my friend.
Hey, Les, I understand
if you're angry,
but I am dealing with a bunch
of prima donnas. Clowns.
Tugg Speedman, he can't cry.
He can't cry.
You know how you handle
an actor?
They whine about anything,
you pull down their pants
and you spank their ass.
You spank that ass, Les.
What?
Spanking a child turns him
into a little snot.
Fear makes him a man.
I know a place where
a man's worth is measured
in the ears
hanging from his dog tags.
The real deep shit.
You wanna make
this movie right?
That's where you take
your pansy-ass actors.
Who is this guy?
Uh, L-Les, that's, uh,
Four Leaf.
Sergeant Four Leaf Tayback.
I wrote the book.
Oh.
You're a great American.
This nation owes you
a huge debt.
Now shut the fuck up
and let me do my job!
Look, Cockburn.
Yes?
From now on,
my fist is gonna be
so far up your shithole...
...that every time you have
a thought,
it's gonna have to tiptoe
past my wedding ring.
Take control of your actors,
or I will shut you down.
Diet Coke!
When the herd loses its way,
the shepherd must kill the bull
that leads them astray.
Four Leaf?
Come on over. It's okay.
Sit down.
Yes.
So you, uh,
don't like the hotel?
Beds give me nightmares.
I'm guessing
right about now
you couldn't find
a Dixie coonskin
with an Ohio hooker
holding your prick
and showing you the way.
What?
I put my story
in your limp Brit hands
and you are not
going to fail me.
You think I was just blowing
my own bagpipe in that meeting?
You must put those boys
in the shit.
I don't understand.
You wanna make your movie
or not?
Yes, I do.
All right, you get some of those
little video-type cameras.
We take them out there
and we put them in the trees
in different angles.
Then you give me
and that pyromaniac Cody
all the smoke bombs, charges,
explosives, detonators you got.
Then we take
those boys up there.
Me and Cody, we could light up
that fucking jungle,
so those lily-dick actors
would be shitting their pants
and screaming
for their mammies.
They'd be begging for a body bag
if it means a ride home.
I could do it. I--
I could shoot the whole thing
guerrilla style.
Gritty, dirty. Get them away
from their helpers
and ass-licking assistants.
Put them in the real shit.
Real shit.
With real fear in their eyes.
Real fear, real emotion.
Yes, Four Leaf, yes.
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
Take them off the fucking grid.
You are no longer
actors in a movie.
You are five men
in a helicopter.
With three other men.
♪ That's the name of the game ♪
How long are we gonna be gone,
anyways?
'Cause I left
most of my, uh,
vitamins
back at the hotel.
Save your breath,
maggots.
That's right, maggots.
♪ Yo, top of the crown
Rape the queen ♪
♪ The fatal mistake
In your cradle ♪
♪ Can't shake the dreams ♪
♪ Of fire inside
Of your phonograph ♪
♪ Battered with gas
And give you room to breathe ♪
♪ Through an adequate mask
Everybody in front ♪
♪ Let me see you
Pumpin' your fists ♪
♪ If you up in the back room ♪
♪ When you rockin' with this
Come on ♪
♪ Keepin' your speaker knocki''
Jumpin', bangin', bumpin' ♪
♪ Blazin' hot
Callin' all freaks ♪
Go, go, go!
Get out of the chopper!
Move it, maggots,
move!
Move, grunts,
move your ass.
Get out, you wriggly worms.
- It's up too high.
- Go! Move!
See you in hell!
♪ That's the name of the game ♪
This is bullshit!
I gotta at least call
my fucking assistant.
Ow! Fucking--
Jesus-- Dude! Oh!
You're sitting on a nest
of hostile enemy VC.
Congratulations, Fats.
You just got us
all killed.
Anybody else care to give away
our position to Charlie?
Cell phones.
What the hell, Damien?
Weren't no cell phones
in '69, man.
I'm head-to-toe legitimate.
Gentlemen, I've got good news
and bad news.
The studio wants
to shut us down.
That's the bad news.
And the good news.
If you want to save this movie,
you will become a unit.
Your objective is to head north
to the D'ang Kwook River
and liberate the POW camp,
at which point
Four Leaf will get himself
captured,
at which point
you will rescue him,
we will chopper you home!
Oh!
Damn.
Four Leaf, since you're
the staff sergeant,
there's the map,
there's the scene list.
Think you can handle it?
We have rigged
this entire valley of death
with hidden cameras.
And I will be
shooting as well,
from unseen vantage points,
so that every glorious moment
is captured on film.
And believe me, gentlemen,
it will be glorious.
If it looks real,
chances are it probably is.
You wanted to be actors.
You wanted to occupy
the skin of another human being.
Well, get ready
to occupy the skin
of a terrified
U.S. Infantry grunt
surrounded by death,
crawling up Satan's bottom.
There'll be ambushes,
enemy fire,
your own little
personal slice of 'Nam.
This radio goes to the chopper
and the chopper only.
The chopper is God,
and I am Jesus Christ,
his son.
You are my chosen disciples.
And no one gets to go home
till we get the shots.
Put on your war faces,
gentlemen.
Now, let's go and make
the greatest war movie ever!
Yeah!
All right!
Oh.
Yeah!
Whoo!
Not bad, Cockburn!
Not bad.
Wherever you are.
Wherever he is?
Looks like
he's all over the place.
Here we go.
Ah, must be an old
French mine.
It's a remnant from
colonial Indo-China.
This jungle must be
full of them.
Hey.
Don't you get it?
He's messing with our heads.
That's what all that
playing-God stuff was about.
He's trying to get us
to act good, save the movie.
He ain't playing God.
He's being judged by him.
That's our objective.
Complete the mission.
No offense, Kirk,
I know you're
the big fancy actor here,
but I've done a lot more
effects-driven
event films than you, okay?
And I think I can spot
a prop head when I see one.
Oh, Jesus.
It's corn syrup, guys.
Corn syrup and latex.
Warm, blood-flavored
corn syrup.
Oh, God.
Smoke and mirrors, guys.
Welcome to the movie factory.
Oldest trick in the book.
Wow! Ooh!
Ooh, he getting down now.
Oh, my God!
Whoa, look at me! Oh!
You're going to get
the shots
and I'm going to make sure
because I'm the director.
Oh, and I'm from London.
I direct plays.
Hey, Damien!
We got our war faces on!
Hey, look,
I'm Dave Beckham.
Whoo!
So we gotta light
these boys up today, huh?
Blow some sense
into these young men.
Hey, I don't want to, uh,
come off as weird or anything,
but I might be
your biggest fan. Yeah.
Tropic Thunder.
Kind of like my
Catcher in the Rye.
Yeah, I've never been in
the military, per se,
but I have lost an appendage
in the line of duty.
Driving Miss Daisy,
first studio gig.
Yeah.
It's a pretty cool sidearm
you got there.
What--? What is it?
I don't know
what it's called.
I just know
the sound it makes
when it takes a man's life.
Okay.
Uh, Damien,
we're go for explosion.
Ready to kick the tires and
light the fires on your say-so.
Damien, we're go
for explosion.
Do you copy?
I got an itchy
trigger finger here
and I'm ready
to blow some shit up.
All right, you happy now? Huh?
Can we do the scene?
Or do you need
a formal invitation?
Come on, let's go.
Here. Okay.
"Scene 12, exterior
jungle clearing. Day. Ambush...
"...Four Leaf notices
movement in the brush.
"A dozen guerrilla fighters can
be seen moving in the tree line.
Somewhere a mine
explodes." And you.
"I got a bad feeling
on this one."
Yeah.
No, that's your line.
Oh! I got-- Now?
Yeah, but scared. Like, scared.
"I got a bad feeling
on this one."
Dude, wait, like how?
"I got a bad feeling
on this one."
Yeah. Okay.
Action. Go, come on.
I got a bad feeling
on this one there, Fats.
Our asses don't get fragged
in this bullshit valley,
first thing I'm doing
is paying my 2 bucks
so I can watch
Brooklyn bust his cherry
on a sweet little mama-san's
dinky dau poontang.
Shit, Brooklyn be bagged and
tagged before he get any cooch.
He die, he probably die
a coochless motherfucker.
Zip it, Motown.
Man, I'm thirsty.
Might as well
have some of this
Booty Sweat
I got back in Da Nang.
Yo, asshole!
This motherfucker's dead!
Ain't no Criss Angel Mindfreak,
David Blaine trapdoor
horseshit jumping off here!
Hey! You wanna get
on the train here,
or do you wanna
ruin another take? Huh?
There ain't no goddamn takes,
ain't no goddamn motion picture!
You sure?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah?
For certain, man.
Then why are you
still in character? Hm?
I know, but I don't
have to tell you.
You don't know.
Man, I don't drop character
till I done the DVD commentary.
Ah!
You happy now?
We're out of position
for the effects!
Get down, fool!
Didn't anyone read the script?
This is the ambush!
Uh, this feels pretty real!
Exactly. Let's use it.
Oh, yeah!
Eat lead!
They're busting caps
like a motherfucker down there.
Oh!
This is FUBAR.
I say we juice them.
What do you think?
Juice them.
Fuck you, Charlie!
Huh?
Big-ass titties!
Whoo. Look at that, huh?
And cut!
That's the trailer
right there.
Yeah!
What do we do now?
Yeah.
North. Man said
to head north.
Did you see me shooting?
That's how we do.
Good work, baby.
I believed it.
D'ang Kwook River.
I'm betting he's got more
of these battles and Viet Congs
rigged for us along the way.
Sergeant Osiris,
get your men.
Load and lock.
Real, baby, I'm real.
Let's go! We got
a lot of clicks to cover!
Hump it up, gentlemen!
Single formation.
Don't dawdle now!
♪ Whoa, thought it was
A nightmare ♪
♪ Lo, it's all so true ♪
♪ They told me
"Don't go walkin' slow ♪
♪ The devil's on the loose" ♪
♪ Better run
Through the jungle ♪
D-Rod, D-Rod,
this is Puddingface,
how are we coming
on that hotplate?
Something's up.
I think we better
drag ass back there.
Make sure Damien ain't forgot
how to use his talkbox again.
Yeah, baby, come on.
Just a little taste.
What are you doing, Jeff?
Fucking--! Nothing, man!
It's jelly--
I'm eating jellybeans.
Oh, wow, I love jellybeans.
Can I please--?
No, you can't have
any fucking jellybeans!
They're mine.
You think you're the only one
who gets sick
when he doesn't
have his jellybeans?
Boundaries, man. Fuck.
♪ Over on the mountain ♪
♪ Thunder magic spoke ♪
♪ "Let the people
Know my wisdom ♪
♪ Fill the land with smoke" ♪
♪ Better run
Through the jungle ♪
Hey. I didn't mean
to show you up back there.
It's just, I feel
like we really need
to set the example
for the other guys.
It's gonna be tough,
but I think Damien's gonna get
some great shit out of us.
Just wish I had a director
like this on Jack.
On Jack. What? Jack?
What you talking about?
Simple Jack.
Oh, yeah.
Simple Jack, yeah.
You went all out
on that one, huh?
You did. Really swung
for the fences, huh?
Thank you. Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah, it was an intense
experience, you know.
I just--
I just did the work.
Watched a lot of
retarded people.
Spent time with them.
Observed them.
Watched all the retarded stuff
they did.
Then again, I always found
mere observation
in and of itself
is a tad rudimentary.
Sometimes,
we gotta dig deeper
to mine the true
emotional pay dirt.
Thus, we can diagram
the source of the pain
and then live it,
you know.
Yeah, yeah, live it.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, there were times
when I was doing Jack
that I actually
felt retarded,
like really retarded.
Oh, yeah. Damn.
In a weird way, I had to
sort of just free myself up
to believe that it was okay
to be stupid or dumb.
To be a moron.
Yeah.
To be moronical.
Exactly, to be a moron.
An imbecile.
Yeah.
Like the dumbest
motherfucker that ever lived.
When I was
playing the character.
When you was
the character.
Yeah, as Jack, definitely.
Yeah. Jack, stupid-ass Jack.
By the end of the whole thing,
I was like, "Wait a minute,
"I flushed so much out,
how am I gonna
jumpstart it up again?"
It's just like... pfft.
Yeah.
Yeah, right?
You was farting in bathtubs
and laughing your ass off.
Yeah. I mean,
it was really quite a--
It was crazy.
It's like working
with mercury.
It's high science, man.
It's an art form.
Yeah.
You an artist.
That's what we do, right?
Yeah.
Hats off for going there,
especially knowing how
the Academy is about that shit.
Wait. About what?
You're serious?
You don't know?
Everybody knows
you never go full retard.
What do you mean?
Check it out.
Dustin Hoffman, Rain Man,
looked retarded, act retarded,
not retarded.
Count toothpicks,
cheat at cards.
Autistic, sure.
Not retarded.
Then you got Tom Hanks,
Forrest Gump.
Slow, yes, retarded, maybe,
braces on his legs.
But he charmed
the pants off Nixon
and he won
a Ping-Pong competition.
That ain't retarded.
Peter Sellers,
Being There.
Infantile, yes.
Retarded, no.
You went full retard, man.
Never go full retard.
You don't buy that?
Ask Sean Penn,
2001, I Am Sam.
Remember?
Went full retard?
Went home empty-handed.
Oh, my God!
Holy shit!
Good job, turd.
You killed the director.
No, that's impossible, man.
I mean, I rigged
the whole tree line
and-- And this is here.
I mean,
he must have
missed his mark.
Missed his mark?
Yeah, this isn't me.
Come on,
let's bag and tag the bastard
and get back to the hotel.
You're in a world
of hurt, dumbo!
We're in a world of hurt!
You're in trouble.
This isn't just on me!
This-- We're in a--
We're together on this.
Bullshit.
You're just gonna run away?
You're gonna leave?
What happened to,
"No man left behind"?
Just wait, just wait! Listen!
Listen, okay?
I don't wanna hear it.
Let me just be real
with you, all right?
I almost blinded
Jamie Lee Curtis
on Freaky Friday, okay?
This shit will
fucking ruin me.
Oh, just get off me.
You're pathetic.
No, I'm not.
Get off me.
You are not going back--
What the fuck?
Now, wait a minute.
I fucking hate movies.
This is bullshit.
I don't wanna be
in this shitty movie.
♪ You know
I smoked a lot of grass ♪
♪ Oh, lord
I popped a lot of pills ♪
Oh, no! That's my
jellybeans! No!
Kid, grab the bat!
Please! Shit!
Yo, man, I got
a Bust A Nut.
You go to hell!
There he is.
God-- Goddamn it!
Where'd he go?
You little piece of shit!
I'm gonna fucking
rip your wings off!
Sanducci.
Hold up, man,
keep it on the down-low.
I don't really gotta piss.
I'm trying to talk at you, man.
Bait, I need bait.
You went to
boot camp, right?
You can read a map?
Yeah, I think so.
And I know Speedman got everyone
convinced we out here
making Planet of the Apes
on YouTube or some shit,
but I don't buy it.
You wanna step on
a real land mine?
You wanna die? Huh?
You wanna get shot
by a real motherfucker?
No.
Keep looking ahead, man.
No, of course not.
If I can put that map in your
hands, can I count you in?
Uh-- Uh, well--
Uh, I guess you--
Dynamite. I'm out.
Ha!
That smelled just like
bologna for some reason.
Is anyone gonna fucking help me
get this fucking thing?
Why are they even out
in the daytime?
I'm gonna level with you, bro.
I don't need to pee.
I need to talk to you.
Lazarus is gonna
torpedo the movie.
He's way out on a limb
with this character
and I think
he's getting cold feet.
I need you on my side, Kyle.
It's Kevin.
Good. Can I count on you?
If you want I could, uh,
give the map a look-see.
I'll handle the map.
Okay.
You stick with the program,
we get this movie in the can,
I'm thinking there could be
a Teen Choice Award
in it for you.
You have that potential.
They'll slime you,
the whole deal.
Yeah, that's wicked.
Good.
There it is!
Yeah, now you're dead!
You O.D.'d!
Hold up now.
Fucking hell!
What the hell, Jeff?
That's a bat, man.
I don't have any more
jellybeans.
You land there!
Wow. Look at these ruins.
Where the hell are we?
D'ang Kwook River.
- That so? How do you know that?
- How you sure?
Only one way to find out,
dude. Let's go.
Yeah. I'm not feeling
so good right now.
Seriously,
my skin hurts.
Enough from
the peanut gallery.
Into the water, ladies.
No, no, no, man.
Let me take a look at that map
right quick.
Why is everybody
all obsessed with the map?
'Cause we're tired
of being your trail donkeys.
Acting like you
some one-man GPS.
Goddamn it! We lost!
We fucking super lost, man!
Tell him, McClusky.
Tell him what time it is.
- I don't believe you people.
- Huh?
What do you mean,
"you people"?
Huh?
I think what Tugg means is...
No, look at his eyes, man.
Look at them beady,
white devil eyes.
I gotta get back
to the hotel, for real!
Oh, hell, no!
Chill, all right?
Just chill it.
Now, let's go get
those Viet Congs.
"Viet Cong."
What?
It's "Viet Cong."
There's no S.
It's already plural.
You wouldn't say
"Chineses."
All right, that's enough
of this insubordination.
If the machine breaks down,
we break down.
Hey, man,
you know how in Rambo I,
he was big but a little puffy,
and then Rambo II,
he got all shredded up?
Yeah.
That's kind of how
you look right now.
Oh. Yeah?
You know, not Rambo I but II.
Really?
Yeah, when he was cut up.
Well, I'm not that-- I mean,
that's what I'm going for,
but you know--
Come on, dude.
You more shredded than
a julienne salad, man.
Thanks.
What's the secret, dude?
It's a diet.
I'm just dieting.
Really? Because I'm trying
to come up a little,
but it's just-- It's tough.
You look good.
Any tips?
What?
Any tips, you got?
There's, like,
the pineapple--
Give me that goddamn map!
Hey!
Fuck you!
All right, now!
What it is, Sikorski?
Tell us where we really at.
That's fucking bullshit!
It's a chump move.
We just getting
a second opinion, doc.
Uh...
we're going the wrong way.
Damn!
Son of a bitch.
God-- I think we were
supposed to be doing this,
and instead we did this.
Shit, shit,
shit, shitty shit, shit!
Think you can get us back
to the drop zone, boy?
This is not cool!
Maybe.
This is insane.
Are you really gonna
abandon this movie?
We're supposed to be a unit.
Suck my unit.
All right, fine.
I'll finish it by myself.
You go be all
you can be, man.
Tugg, you have no idea
where you're going.
Yes, I do.
I'm going to, "Exterior.
Rain forest. Dusk.
"Smash cut to Four Leaf,
who treks alone through
a frightening jungle."
Suck on that unit, Kirk.
♪ Yeah ♪
Come on, men. Let's get home.
♪ Hoo ♪
♪ Please allow me
To introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man
Of wealth and taste ♪
♪ I've been around
For a long, long year ♪
♪ Stole many a man's
Soul and faith ♪
♪ Pleased to meet you
Hope you guess my name ♪
♪ But what's puzzling you
Is the nature of my game ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
Hello, Mr. Mantis.
You're beautiful.
Ooh!
Now, if you recall
that whole hullabaloo,
uh, where Hollywood
was split into schisms,
some studios backing
Blu-ray disc,
others backing HD DVD.
People thought it would
come down to pixel rate
or refresh rate, and they're
pretty much the same.
What it came down to was a
combination of gamers and porn.
Now, whichever format
porno backs
is usually the one that becomes
the, uh, most successful.
Uh, but, you know, Sony,
every PlayStation 3
has a Blu-ray in it.
You talking to me
this whole time?
I-- I was talking to whoever
was listening to me.
Christ, man.
♪ Pleased to meet you
Hope you guess my name ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ But what's confusing you is
Just the nature of my game... ♪
"Booty Sweat."
Oh, God.
It's cold. Ooh, it's freezing.
I'm fucking cold.
You want my flak jacket?
What, are you insane?
It's boiling.
It's like a sweat lodge
out here.
Keep the volume down on
that bitching, Flatch Adams.
Ah, I gotta take
a fucking 12-pound shit.
How we doing? Making good time?
We're making good time,
but there's no way we make it
over that ridge before sundown.
All right, fellas,
we're gonna make camp. Rest up.
Oh, God.
Y'all might be in for a treat.
You know, back before
the war broked out,
I was a saucier
in San Antone.
I bet I could collar up
some of them greens.
Yeah, noodle some crawfish
out the paddy, yo. Ha!
And maybe some crab apples
for dessert, now, you hear?
Hell, yeah! Ha!
That's how we all talk.
We all talk like this, suh!
Yes, suh. Ha!
Yeah, mm-hm, get some crawfish
and some ribs. Ha!
Yeah.
You're Australian.
Be Australian.
Excuse me,
Kangaroo Jack.
I get excited
about my foods, man.
Die!
No!
Dude, dude, what the hell
is going on here?
Where are we?
I have no idea.
I've never been
outside the States.
Wait, what?
Are you fucking
kidding me?
Did you make this
whole goddamn thing up?
Dude, were you even
in the fucking service?
Yes. Of course.
Coast Guard.
Sanitation Department.
Oh, my God!
You're a fucking
garbage man!
Damn it.
F.L. Tayback lies to me
and the whole
goddamn U.S. of A.
I wrote the book as a tribute.
I'm a patriot.
Yeah, you're the Milli Vanilli
of patriots.
You lied about fighting
the Vietnam War.
It's like punching the American
flag in the face, goddamn it.
God, and to think
I believed in you.
Writers lie all the time.
Can I be tied to another post?
Oh. Ah.
Yeah!
Rick?
Tugg.
I killed one, Rick.
The thing I love most
in the world.
Vivica, get off the line now.
A hooker. All right,
you killed a hooker.
Calm down. Here's what
you're gonna do.
Get your hands
on some bleach,
some hydrogen peroxide
and a shitload of lime.
No, a panda.
I killed a panda.
Amanda?
Come on, dude.
I mean, that-- That's probably
not even her real name.
No, a panda.
A panda?
A sweet, cuddly,
vicious little panda.
Jesus Christ, Tugg.
Man, don't scare me
like that.
It's beautiful here.
You on-- You on the set?
I am the set.
All right, man. Hey,
how's the TiVo
working out?
Screw TiVo.
I'm way beyond TiVo.
Last I checked,
they hadn't
hooked it up, though.
Hadn't hooked it up?
No TiVo?
It doesn't matter anymore.
I've moved on.
Where have you
moved on to?
Another agency?
Hey, who is with you?
You are still my client,
Tugg Speedman.
I am getting the TiVo.
Jacket's on,
I'm out the door.
Tugg?
Please don't fire me.
Oh, mama. Thirsty.
He doesn't look
too good.
Must drink so I can throw
something up.
No, don't drink that water!
That water's like a petri dish!
No, don't! Uh, Alpa, do you
have any Booty Sweat?
Yeah, get him chugging on
some of Alpa's ass water.
That'll bring him around.
It's a cure-all.
Man, what you coming out
in movies for anyway?
Did you need
another revenue stream?
For your information,
my revenue stream
currently generates
$2 million a year
in charitable contributions
for my community.
Hot damn.
And why am I
in this movie?
Maybe I just knew
I had to represent,
because they had one good part
in it for a black man
and they gave it
to Crocodile Dundee.
Pump your brakes, kid.
That man is a national treasure.
I just wanted to throw another
shrimp on your barbie.
That shit ain't funny.
Hey, fellas.
It's hot, we're tired,
it stinks.
I'm just fucking with you,
Kangaroo Jack.
I'm sorry a dingo
ate your baby.
You know that's a true story?
Lady lost her kid.
You about to cross
some fucking lines.
Guys, relax.
You know what?
Fuck that, man.
I'm sick of this koala-hugging
nigger telling me--
For 400 years,
that word
has kept us down.
What the fuck?
It took a whole lot of trying
just to get up that hill.
Now we up
in the big leagues,
getting our turn at bat.
Long as we live,
it's you and me, baby.
That's the theme song
for The Jeffersons.
You really need help.
Just because it's the theme song
don't make it not true.
You know what? I'm gonna
tell you what's true.
I'm gonna tag you back.
You better
believe that, baby.
Guys.
Hey, guys.
Jeff, stay away
from that animal.
I'm gonna bite his hide.
I need...
I need to wear his stomach skin
like a unitard.
Ain't nobody doing nothing
to no one or body!
Now, Mr. Portnoy,
feeling a little flu-ish,
don't wanna walk,
put him up on that
cloven-hoof animal!
We got ground to cover.
All right,
POW camp, scene 67.
Bring it on, Cockburn!
My body may be shackled,
but my mind wanders free.
Ah! Oh!
Wait, let me do the line again.
Let me do the line again.
My body may be shackled,
but my mind wanders free.
Ah!
Good, again. Again.
Good, good. Now let's do
the torture scene.
I see moss on
both sides of that tree.
You know, maybe if I wasn't
the only one at boot camp...
My belly really hurts,
you guys.
I'm not joking around.
I'm nauseous.
Let me off, I gotta puke.
I don't wanna die like Hendrix.
All right. All right.
Are you okay, Jeff?
I'm awesome.
Holy shit!
Oh. Okay. Shh. Everyone,
down, down, down.
Man.
Now I'm tripping.
That looks like the POW camp
from out the script, yo.
Speedman was right?
I don't think so.
Look at the cooking vats,
the armed guards.
Looks like a heroin
processing plant.
We were in that chopper
for hours.
I-- I don't even think
we're in Vietnam anymore.
Fuck.
Shit.
We ain't even in 'Nam?
No, most likely
Myanmar or Lao.
What the fuck is Lao?
It's the Golden Triangle.
The world's hard-drug
superhighway.
And how do you
know about that?
It was a really
long trip.
I read the
in-flight magazine.
Cut!
Oh, Jesus.
What do you see, man?
I'm blocked.
Damien, cut!
Hey, Damien, cut!
They got Speedman.
And it doesn't look good.
I am Tran.
You are a trespasser
in my poppy fields.
You are DEA scum.
Were there some re-writes
that I missed?
Oh!
Do you want to die?
Do you?
No!
P-P-Please,
d-don't h-hurt m-me!
Say that again.
Please, don't hurt me.
No! Like you did before!
Say it!
Wha--?
P-P-Please,
d-d-d-don't h-hurt me!
What?
You are Simple Jack.
You saw Simple Jack?
We love the tale of
this man, Simple Jack.
We do not have
many luxury here.
And Simple Jack
is the only movie we possess.
Oh. You got the...
It's VHS.
We've watched it many,
many times.
You should've got Oscar.
Oh, well, you know. It's...
Just to be nominated...
You were nominated?
No, no, no.
I wasn't nominated.
I'm just saying that
to have been nominated
would have been nice.
It's just...
It's very political.
You have to take out ads...
Shut up now!
Okay. Okay.
So are you going to...
let me go, or...?
No. We'll hold you
for ransom.
Much more money now.
He's in a meeting.
Yeah, I know. In about
two seconds with the Pecker.
I'm gonna rip
your fucking tits off.
You wanna talk about trouble?
That's trouble.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What do you need, Peck?
No, more like what
do you need, Les?
Glasses?
What?
So you can read
the Tropic Thunder contract
that guarantees my client,
Tugg Speedman,
some form of digital-video
recorder on location.
Huh?
I can't believe
you let him in.
Look, fuckstick,
I'm incredibly busy.
Why don't you get out of here
before I snap your dick off
and jam it into your ass?
No, not you, Helen.
♪ Sometimes when we touch ♪
But I will rip your tits off
if you don't get me
those theaters.
Perfect.
Hey, Tuggernuts, I've got you
on speakerphone.
I'm standing here
with Les Grossman
and he is dying to tell you
why he's apparently
wiped his ass with the TiVo
clause from your contract.
We are Flaming Dragon.
Speedman is with us now.
For 50 million,
you will get him back.
Are you gonna get those...?
Who is this?
And how did you
get this phone?
We are Flaming Dragon.
Simple Jack belong to us now.
I can't believe I'm still
having this conversation.
Oh, he does, does he?
Hey, let me tell you
something, shitbird.
I've never even heard
of your little agency.
But if you think
you can poach my client--
Send $50 million, or you no see
Simple Jack again
because we kill him.
This is Les Grossman.
Who is this?
This is Flaming Dragon!
Oh, okay. Flaming Dragon.
Fuckface.
First, take a big step back
and literally
fuck your own face!
Now, I don't know what kind of
pan-Pacific bullshit power play
you're trying to pull here,
but Asia, Jack, is my territory.
You better think again.
Otherwise, I'm gonna head down,
and I will rain down an ungodly
fucking firestorm upon you.
You're gonna have to call
the fucking United Nations
and get a fucking
binding resolution
to keep me from
fucking destroying you.
I am talking scorched earth,
motherfucker!
I will massacre you!
I will fuck you up!
Could you find out who that was?
Go. Yeah. Yeah.
You wear these.
More like Simple Jack teeth.
Oh. Okay.
Hey. Look, I know you're a big
fan, and that's great--
Ooh!
Put teeth in!
Now do movie.
The whole movie?
I can't.
I don't know the whole--
You perform!
You perform or die!
I-- Hey-- Oh!
Monkey swine!
Oh, Pa.
Ooh!
More stupid.
Aah!
P-Pa, why you g-g-gotta
m-m-make me feel bad?
You saw what I saw.
Tugg Speedman is dead meat
if we don't do something soon.
Yeah. We could do something
by getting our asses
back to the hotel,
which is in the other direction.
They right.
What would've happened
in The Great Escape
if Steve McQueen and them
dudes had turned tail and ran?
Well, that's what
that movie was about.
They were escaping.
They ran away.
I'm trying to
agree with you.
The point is
they did something.
Then what are we
supposed to do?
He's cleaning a gun
with no bullets.
Yeah, that's a plan.
I'm just like a little boy
playing with his dick
when he's nervous.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I got an idea.
This might be
a little crazy.
Crazy's better than nothing.
Back in '98, I did a low-budget
titty comedy for Skinemax.
Sex Camp. Remember it?
Yeah.
Anyway, me and the campers
from the uncool camp
had to break into
the rich-girl camp.
So, what we did,
we built a catapult
out of logs and underwear
and they shot us
over the wall
and we parachuted down.
Look,
you guys, we already
know the plan.
Fine.
We do it just
like in the book.
Chapter 26,
the Wet Offensive.
The book of Tropic Thunder.
Yeah, you-- Did you guys
read the book?
Mm, the flap,
I read the back flap
and saw the pictures.
Well, it's okay. It's exactly
the same as in the script.
Cool.
You guys all read
the script, right?
I don't read the script.
The script reads me.
What the hell
does that even mean?
What you getting at
with the books, scripts?
Spit that shit out, man!
I, uh--
All right.
The Wet Offensive.
Osiris and Fats go undercover
as a diversion.
Motown and Brooklyn
sneak in via the river.
Yeah. But those dudes
was trained soldiers.
Yeah.
And we trained actors,
motherfucker.
Time to man up.
And I ain't
gonna sugarcoat.
Some of us might not even
make it back.
What do you mean? Like
not on the same flight?
Alpa and I's already wearing
earth mama's natural night camo.
- Cool it, Benson.
- Sorry.
We gonna scout,
get a plan together.
We ain't back in 20,
come looking.
We are Flaming Dragon.
Okay.
Flaming Dragons
are heroin manufacturers.
They're responsible
for an eighth
of the drug trade in Asia.
Huge profit margin.
Guys!
Would somebody please let me
know what the game plan is?
Peck, we have it handled.
Please, don't interrupt.
Everything's under control.
I got it. Got it.
♪ Sometimes when we touch ♪
♪ The honesty's too much ♪
- Les Grossman.
- We not get money yet.
Price now 100 million!
You pay now,
or tomorrow Simple Jack die.
Great. Uh, let me
get this down.
One hundred million--
Oh, wait.
I got a better idea.
Instead of 100 million,
how about I send you
a hobo's dick cheese?
Then you kill him.
Do your thing.
Skin the fucking bastard.
Go to town, man.
Go to town.
No...
In the meantime, and as usual,
go fuck yourself.
No.
We don't negotiate
with terrorists.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey, hey, are you insane?
I think I could've
done that better.
They're gonna kill him.
And we'll weep for him
in the press.
Set up a scholarship
in his name.
Eventually, and I'm talking way,
way down the road,
we file an
insurance claim.
Preferably before
the end of the fiscal year.
Actually, the claim alone
would net us more
than the movie would lose.
You can't be serious.
Let's face it.
The kids aren't dressing up
as Scorcher for Purim anymore.
Speedman is a dying star,
a white dwarf
heading for a black hole.
That's physics.
It's inevitable.
We've been handed an incredible
opportunity here, Peck.
The universe is talking to us
right now.
You just gotta listen.
♪ Gotta have them
Apple-bottom jeans ♪
♪ Boots with the fur ♪
♪ With the fur ♪
♪ The whole club
Was lookin' at her ♪
♪ She hit the floor ♪
♪ Next thing you know ♪
See, this is
the good part, Pecker.
This is when the job gets fun.
Yeah.
Ask and you shall receive.
All right.
You play ball,
we play ball.
I know you want
the goodies. Mm.
Welcome to
the goody room.
You paying attention?
'Cause I'm talking
G5 for the Pecker.
That's how you're gonna roll.
No more frequent flyer
bitch miles for my boy.
Mm-mm.
Oh, yeah.
Playa.
Big-dick playa.
Swinging past your knees.
- Big dick, baby.
- Yep.
Or you can grow a conscience
in the next five minutes
and see where that takes you.
Now let me get this straight.
You want me
to let my client of 15 years,
one of my best friends,
die in the jungle, alone,
for some money and a G5?
Yes.
A G5 airplane?
And lots of money.
Playa.
♪ Apple-bottom jeans ♪
Yeah!
Smack it up, flip it,
rub it down. Whoa.
♪ She hit the floor ♪
But Mama take care
of Jack a lot.
How many more sleeps
before she wakes up again?
Sorry, Jack.
She in heaven now.
Damn! I thought
the movie was bad.
She sleep forever.
To the man's credit,
he's actually eased up
on the retard throttle.
And now that's
added a balance
and the audience
can connect.
I mean, this is Theater 101,
but, you know, the guy's had--
He's had a tough road.
He'll become a naturalist.
Yeah.
Break down the
aesthetic distance,
then the-- Ah!
Told you
I'd tag you back.
Can I tell you that I'm sorry
for any offense
I might've caused, man?
I just got caught up in--
In being a dumbass?
I guess so.
Why you still doing this Chicken
George shit, I have no idea.
Neither do I.
It's beyond me.
You confused.
I am a little confused.
I know.
But are we cool?
Not really.
Hey, man.
How's it going?
Good. Yourself?
Hey, so, if it's
no big deal,
I think I'm just gonna hang
back here for the mission.
Watch the stuff.
Is that cool?
What? No.
Uh, we need you, Jeff.
What--? What are you
talking about?
Okay, look, man.
I got something
to tell you.
Okay.
You know those jellybeans
I was eating?
Well, they weren't
jellybeans, okay?
They were drugs.
Really?
I get down there
near the mother lode,
I am done.
I'm jonesing bad, man.
I'm gonna fucking do all
the heroin in the fucking world.
If you guys wanna make it
through this thing,
you gotta strap me
to a tree.
Oh. Rea--? Are you--?
Are you serious?
Yeah, I'm serious.
Literally, a tree.
No matter what, you can't
untie me until it is done,
until it is
out of my system.
I'm gonna say, "Hey, man,
I'm cool. It's cool.
I'm finally better.
Untie me."
Don't listen to me. Anything
I fucking say is a lie.
You got it.
Goodbye, Mama.
Now you can have
ice cream in heaven.
I'll see you tonight, when I go
to bed, in my head movies.
But this head movie
makes my eyes rain.
Ooh, dang.
Gilligan catching
a kidney shot.
Shh. Shh.
They got him on the move.
That's torture, man.
Okay. That's where
they keeping him.
I gotta get cracking
on my costume.
Say, are you good
with a needle and thread?
Hell, yeah. Alpa Chino chinos
sold more than five million
pairs last spring at the Gap.
I sewed them patterns
myself, baby.
Let's roll out.
♪ There's something
Happening here ♪
♪ And what it is
Ain't exactly clear ♪
♪ There's a man with a gun
Over there ♪
♪ Tellin' me I got to beware ♪
♪ I think it's time we stop
Children ♪
♪ What's that sound?
Everybody look... ♪
It's a little
twig-man Oscar.
I'm going to
call you Half Squat.
And you can call me...
Papa.
♪ Paranoia strikes deep ♪
♪ Into your life
It will creep ♪
♪ It starts
When you're always afraid ♪
♪ Step out of line ♪
♪ The man come
And take you away ♪
Wow, look at all those stars.
Really makes a guy
feel pretty small.
This could be the last time
we look at these stars.
Man, that's beauty.
Nights like tonight
make a man wonder
what it's all about.
Hey, you guys.
Anybody got some bug spray?
Don't ignore me!
Stick it out, man.
We're gonna get
through this.
Hey, Kirk?
Yeah?
Are you still dating
Jennifer Love Hewitt?
Because I think she's hot.
No, that was just
some tabloid conjecture.
Hey, guys, I'm good. Ha, ha!
I made it through.
You can untie me now.
Funny, huh?
The circus life
280 days a year on location.
It's hard to find a girl that
can hang with that, you know?
Not one worth keeping, nohow.
Hey, Radar? Evans?
No, it's Kevin.
Kev-- Whatever the fuck.
Come over here.
I didn't tell you,
but Fatties: Fart Three
is coming down the pike
and there's a role
in there for you
if you come over
and untie me.
Jeff, you're just going
to have to tough it out.
Your mother's
a cankerous whore!
Jesus, man.
Hey, man.
Remember way back
when I said your mother
was a cankerous whore?
I'm sorry, man.
I did not mean that.
She's not.
How about you, man?
You got some little
minx waiting for you
on the other side
of tomorrow?
Me?
No, I've barely even
had a girlfriend and...
I was really hoping
I'd get laid
when this movie came out,
but that's not gonna happen.
What about you,
masterblaster?
You got a certain someone
you trying to get with
back in the States?
What, Alpa Chino?
He's like ten girls
deep, 24/7.
No. You missing me, man.
I'm talking about something
special. Big difference.
How about it?
Yeah.
Yeah, there is.
Well? What's the skinny?
Y'all been on a date, or what?
No. I mean...
I always wanted to,
but I guess I just never
had the-- The courage to ask.
It's-- It's complicated.
No!
It's simple as pie, man.
You plant your feet
in the ground,
you look her square
in the eyes, you say,
"Hey, baby, you
and me's going on a date."
That's the end of story.
What's her name?
Lance.
"Listen here, Lance..."
Lance?
What the fuck
did I just hear? Lance?
Did you say "Lance"?
No.
That sounded like "Lance."
No, I said "Nance."
That's what I said, "Nance."
It sounded like "Lance."
Look, I'm Alpa Chino, okay?
I love the pussy, all right?
Lay your ass back down
and look at the stars.
When you wrote
"I Love the Pussy,"
was you thinking of
dangling your dice
on Lance's forehead?
No, hell, no! What?
Come on. Look--
Man, everyone's gay
once in a while.
I'm not gay!
This is Hollywood.
How about we all
get back to work?
Okay. Cool.
This is ridiculous.
We got a big day tomorrow.
Let's get focused.
Alpa, if you untie me,
I will literally suck your dick
right now.
I told you,
for the last time,
I love the pussy!
I'll cradle the balls,
stroke the shaft,
work the pipe
and swallow the gravy.
Get it over here, buddy.
Let's do this.
Okay, so, what's the plan?
Are you gonna talk Vietnamese
to those dudes?
No, no. Mandarin Chinese.
From what I can tell, it's what
they speaking down there.
- How you know Chinese?
- Land of Silk and Money
with Gong Li.
Second Globe, third Oscar.
Prepped for that one
by working
in a Beijing textile factory
for eight months.
That might be
our ride.
The straps are too tight!
Shut your mouth
and follow my lead.
Okay.
All right.
That looks like it could be
the munitions hut right there.
I'll try to find Speedman
in the main building.
What are you guys doing here?
He has hands.
He killed Damien.
Bullshit!
Shh!
He blinded Jamie Lee Curtis.
Almost!
What are you talking about?
Damien stepped
on a old land mine.
Oh, sweet. Thank God.
We busting Speedman out.
Speedman's here?
They got my boom-boom
up here.
I take it y'all are doing
the Wet Offensive
from the book.
I can give y'all a diversion.
I got enough shit here
to light this place up
like it's the Fourth
of fucking July.
Uh...
Yes, your farm.
Where is your farm?
American!
My farm?
Oh, shit.
Here's my motherfucking farm!
Yeah!
Chicka-chickaw, baby!
Kwan-Lo!
I'm a lead farmer,
motherfucker!
Yeah!
Huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Keep your head down!
Keep your head
down on the ground!
Nobody move or I do
the little big guy!
That's right, we running
this program now, J.P.
Now, show me
where the drugs are.
What the fuck?
That ain't the plan!
Don't judge me!
He's got a real
serious problem.
Hey! Hey, you!
Take off your clothes.
Take off your clothes!
Uh, what do we do now?
Stick with the plan.
Find Speedman.
Alpa, keep this
clown posse down.
- Come on, now.
- Y'all heard the man.
Be suede, don't move!
Whoo! Fuck your do-rag.
Fuck your do-rag.
Go!
One, two, three!
I go high, you go low.
Get down. Get down. Get down.
Chow Yun-Fat,
get the hell down.
If I see one more
head pop up,
it's gonna be
bullet Whac-A-Mole.
- Come on, come on.
- Smoke grenade.
Here.
What's this?
I don't know
what it's called.
I just know the sound
it makes when it lies.
Don't move, matchbox,
or I will shoot you.
I'm gonna put on
this thing. Don't move.
I can still see you.
Tugg.
Tugg?
Gotcha.
Roll your shit up, man.
We going home.
Home?
But I'm doing
five shows a day
for a standing-room-only crowd.
Don't you get it?
I already am home.
Uh-oh.
All right, now, dude,
you gotta get it--
My son gave this to me.
That's your stick buddy?
His name is Twigman.
Does he wanna come with us?
Ah! Ooh! oh!
Get the hell down!
Hold, what you doing?
What you doing?
Don't touch that gun.
Don't do it.
On my momma,
if you touch that gun...
Oh, shit, it's on!
Over here!
Shadow me, Pinocchio.
Smoke.
Jeff, don't!
It doesn't matter what I do.
I'll always be a screw-up.
No one will ever respect me.
That is not true,
you are not a screw-up.
You make
so many people laugh.
They only laugh
at my farts.
Jeff, we really need
to go now.
This is all I deserve.
Laugh at that, you bastards!
Ha, ha, ha!
Oh, hilarious! Hilarious!
Let's move.
We only have 16 hours
before they wake up.
Sounds like
the dinner bell's ringing.
These assholes are
gonna be crawling in here
ready to fucking eat us.
There. All right,
you keep six right here.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, what are you guys
doing? Let's get out of here.
He's on tilt status.
Same thing happened to me
when I played Neil Armstrong
in Moonshot.
They found me in
an alley in Burbank
trying to re-enter
the Earth's atmosphere
in an old refrigerator box.
Give me the flamethrower.
You gotta start
the chopper.
No, fuck that.
Just give me this.
No time! I'll take care
of this!
All right.
Give me your hooks.
Don't worry, I'm not gonna
put them on again.
Just give me
your goddamn hooks.
All right. Here.
Get those boys back
to the bird, pronto.
Oh, shit! Enough!
Fake shit!
Fuck!
Go get your guys!
Get them to the chopper!
I'll take care of these yahoos.
You're gonna focus up now,
motherfucker, and say it.
"It's me, Tugg!"
It's me, Tugg.
That's right.
Now, Tugg who?
Tugg who?
I don't know. Who are you?
Me? I know who I am!
I'm a dude playing a dude
disguised as another dude.
What?
You a dude that don't know
what dude he is.
Or are you a dude who has
no idea what dude he is
and claims to know
what dude he is...
What the fuck are you guys
talking about?
...by playing other dudes?
I know what dude I am!
You're scared.
I ain't scared.
Scared of what?
Or scared of who?
Scared of who?
Come on, guys.
We really need to go.
Scared of you.
Jesus.
What's going on?
The dudes are emerging.
He's right, you know.
I am not
Sergeant Lincoln Osiris.
We gotta roll out.
Nor am I Father O'Malley.
Or Neil Armstrong.
I-- I think I might be nobody.
Wow.
The insecurity level
with you guys is ridiculous.
Everybody's got issues.
Yeah, man,
everybody got issues.
Come on.
You're Kirk Lazarus.
You're the whole reason
I got into acting.
I memorized every single
monologue you ever did
when I was in theater school.
- Really?
- Yeah.
And look, Tugg.
I saw Scorcher I 24 times
when I was in eighth grade.
That shit blew me away.
I got high to that shit.
You the man.
Yeah, man, Scorcher I
was great.
Let's get the fuck
out of here.
Tugg, Tugger,
you're the last piece
of the puzzle, buddy.
We need you.
Your men need you.
Are you with us?
I'm a rooster illusion.
Fuck it. We'll deal
with him later. Let's move.
Come on. Come on.
Double time. Gotta go.
Come on, come on,
come on.
Ah!
Bingo. Move out.
Just say no to this,
you drug-making midget.
God, hold on!
Four Leaf!
You grew hands?
RPG, gentlemen!
Where are you going?
Oh, my God. I am moving
to catering after this.
My ass!
Hey, yo!
We gotta get our
shit together, Tugg!
We gotta get his cracker ass
to the chopper!
Are you still crazy?
We gotta get Kandinsky
to the chopper!
It's Sandusky.
Kevin Sandusky.
That's my name.
You remembered my name.
Alpa, go help Cody.
Portnoy, get Sandusky
back to the chopper. Go!
Let's go!
Let's get out of here.
Hey, Leaf! Leaf!
Yeah.
Hit the plunger
as soon as they clear
the bridge.
Got it.
Come on! Get in the chopper!
Come on! Move!
Kirk! Wait!
What the hell is he doing?
Laz, I'm gonna
blow the bridge!
Leaf's about to
blow the bridge. Come on!
You don't have to!
You don't have to,
I'm staying.
No, I can't let you
do that, mate.
No, I'm telling you,
I'm not being crazy.
They'll listen to me.
I know it sounds weird,
but I have a connection
with them.
Get over here!
I have a son now.
Little Half Squat.
Who in crikey fuck
is Half Squat?
He's my son. He's my boy.
He needs me.
I have to go back to him.
You tell the world
what happened here.
What happened here?
I don't know, but you need
to tell them.
I got this.
Tugg!
You take care of the boys.
I'll deal
with these guys.
Where is he going?
We're gonna fucking die!
Laz, come on.
He joined the circus.
Let's go.
You've got hands.
Yeah.
Fuck! You've got hands?
Come on!
Come on! Get in!
He's staying?
Go! He's a lost cause, mate!
Get out of here!
I was wrong!
Blow the bridge!
Blow the fucking bridge!
I got this.
Leaf, no!
It's over.
He's gone.
Cody, we gotta go!
Look.
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
Think he's done. Cover me!
Come on! Wait, come back!
How do we cover him?
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
All right, game over.
Come on, mate.
You all right, man?
I'm cold.
I can't feel my legs.
No, no, they're in
a puddle, mate. See?
There's a puddle
right there.
No worries.
Oh. Good.
Come on, we gotta split, man.
You guys came back for me.
Of course.
Hey. I want you
to know something.
What?
I know who you are.
You're my friend.
You're my brother.
But like a really cool
brother, you know?
Like a brother where
there was no animosity--
Don't look now, you got
some real tears going.
Really?
That's the stuff
that accolades are made of.
Oh, Jesus, let's go, man!
All right?
Oopsy-daisy.
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Let's go! Let's go!
Get in! Get in!
Come on! Here we go!
Tuggernuts! I got it!
Tugger!
Rick!
What the fuck?
I got the TiVo!
My friend wants a TiVo,
my friend gets a TiVo!
Oh, shit!
And the Oscar
goes to...
Yes! Tugg Speedman.
Tropic Blunder: The True Story
Behind the Making
of the Most Expensive
Fake True War Story Ever.
Yeah, you son of a bitch!
Eight Oscars, $400 million
and you saved
Tugg Speedman's career.
Hm. I couldn't have done it
without you, Slolom.
Really?
No, dickhead,
of course I could.
A nutless monkey
could do your job.
Well, I...
Now, go get drunk
and take credit
at all the parties.
I would never
do that to--
Ah, joking.
Yeah?
Yeah.
There he--
Okay, there he is.
There he is. Okay.
Go have fun.
All right, we're having a--
Fuck, okay.
Thank you, Les.
Thank you.
You have a good night--
But seriously,
a nutless monkey
could do your job.
Good. Thank you, sir.
♪ Heads up ♪
♪ Here's another one ♪
♪ And a--
And another one ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Why you all in my ear ♪
♪ Talkin' a whole
Bunch o'shit ♪
♪ That I ain't tryin'
To hear? ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
♪ Whoo, so-- So--
So come on, come on ♪
♪ Don't get swung on,
Swung on ♪
♪ It's the knick-knack
Patty-whack ♪
♪ Still ridin' Cadillacs
Family off the street ♪
♪ Made my homies
Put the baggies back ♪
♪ Still stackin' plaques
Still action-packed ♪
♪ And dough? I keep it
Flippin' like acrobats ♪
♪ That's why I pack a mack
That'll crack a back ♪
♪ 'Cause on my waist
There's more heat ♪
♪ Than a Shaq attack
But I ain't speakin' ♪
♪ 'Bout ballin', ballin' ♪
♪ Just thinkin'
'Bout brawlin' ♪
♪ Till y'all start fallin' ♪
♪ We all in together now ♪
♪ Birds of a feather now ♪
♪ Just bought a plane so we ♪
♪ Changin' the weather now ♪
♪ So put the brakes on
Caps, put your capes on ♪
♪ And knock off your block,
Get dropped ♪
♪ And have your face flown ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll prove it ♪
♪ Scratch off the music ♪
♪ Like, "Hey, little stupid ♪
♪ Don't make me lose it!" ♪
♪ Why you all in my ear ♪
♪ Talkin' a whole
Bunch o'shit ♪
♪ That I ain't
Tryin' to hear? ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
♪ I ain't playin' around ♪
♪ Make one false move
I'll take you down ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker
You don't know me like that ♪
♪ I came ♪
♪ I saw ♪
♪ I hit him right there
In the jaw ♪
♪ See, I caught him
With a right hook ♪
♪ Caught him with a jab ♪
♪ Caught him with
An uppercut ♪
♪ Kicked him in his ass ♪
♪ Sent him on his way ♪
♪ 'Cause I ain't
For that talk ♪
♪ And no trips
To the county ♪
♪ I ain't for that walk ♪
♪ We split like two pins ♪
♪ At the end of a lane ♪
♪ We'll knock out
Your spotlight ♪
♪ And put an end
To your fame ♪
♪ Put an DTP pendant
At the end of your chain ♪
♪ And put the booty
Of a swisha ♪
♪ At the end of a flame ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, whoo, whoo
Why you all in my ear ♪
♪ Talkin' a whole
Bunch o'shit ♪
♪ That I ain't
Tryin' to hear? ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me
Like that ♪
You must put those boys
in the shit.
Take them off
the fucking grid!
Let's go and make
the greatest war movie ever.
Oh, yeah!
Whoo-ha!
I'm a lead farmer,
motherfucker!
That's the signal! Go, go, go!
Mother Nature
just pissed her pantsuit!
♪ Calling all freaks now ♪
- Big-ass titties!
- ♪ Yo, yo ♪
♪ Calling all freaks now ♪
Mother Nature
just pissed her pantsuit!
♪ Calling all freaks now ♪
Oh, hell, no. What?
What the fuck?
That ain't the plan!
Chicka-chickaw! Yeah!
Kwan-Lo!
I'm a lead farmer,
motherfucker!
Yeah!
Mama called me Simple Jack.
You m-m-m-m-make me happy.
Make my eyes rain!
I'll cradle the balls,
stroke the shaft,
work the pipe
and swallow the gravy.
♪ That's right ♪
You about to cross
some fucking lines.
I know who I am!
I'm a dude playing a dude
disguised as another dude.
♪ Motherfucker ♪
♪ Calling all ♪
♪ That's the name
Of the game ♪
Don't judge me!
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, ♪